Privacy And Personal Data Protection Policy
The Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (“PDPA”) took effect to regulate the processing of personal data in commercial transactions. We, Ehob Technology Sdn. Bhd (“eHoB”) recognize the importance of privacy and the sensitivity of personal data and information about yourself (“Personal Data”) and are committed to the protection of your Personal Data in line with the PDPA.
eHoB is sharing this Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy to highlight your rights under the PDPA and we suggest that you read it thoroughly.
1. Collection of Personal Data
This Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy is issued to all our existing, immediate and prospective clients, contacts and employees pursuant to the PDPA which came into effect on 15th November 2013.
We treat and view your Personal Data seriously.
In the course of your dealings with eHoB, we may request that you provide Personal Data to enable us to enter into commercial transactions with you or deliver the necessary services and / or notices in connection with rendering our services. These are relevant in connection with our business process and execution, services, client relationship, management and business development activities.
2. Nature of Personal Data
Personal Data means information that identifies you and shall include but not be limited to the following information:
(a) name, job title and company name;
(b) age, gender and date of birth;
(c) contact information including address, email address and phone number;
(d) such other relevant information and data to enable us to provide you with our IT services.
3. Purpose of Collection of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, stored and/or used (whether directly or indirectly) and
in whatever form including audio visual recordings and photographs, amongst others, for the
following purposes:
(a) implementation, performance and completion of any transactions, dealings or in
connection with services, advice and obligations that eHoB may render to you or third
parties;
(b) preparation and execution of all necessary documents, agreements and/or contracts for
our project and/or services with you including any obligations arising from any contracts
and/or agreements entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information
and services that you request from us;
(c) maintenance and upkeep of internal client records, administration, management,
business development, advertising, continuous professional development, education,
research, internal operations, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical and survey
purposes, professional network, employment and social activities;
(d) to operation and maintenance of our website and information technology software
(including the collection of internet protocol address and cookies) including all internet
related activities;
(e) to provision of time billing and maintenance of time and billing databases, to include
you in any direct marketing activities;
(f) credit assessments, financial and background investigations as and when deemed
necessary;
(g) enable us to send you information by email, regular postal mail, telecommunication
means (including but not limited to telephone calls, text messages, social chat applications)
about services offered by selected third parties that we think may interest you but in doing so
we maintain control over your Personal Data and we will not disclose your Personal Data to
such third parties without your prior consent;
(i) for any other purpose that is incidental or ancillary or in furtherance to the above
purposes.
The above-mentioned purposes shall hereinafter collectively be referred to as “Purposes”.
Your Personal Data shall not be further processed in any manner incompatible with the
Purposes.
4. Source of Personal Data
We collect information only by lawful and fair means, and not in an unreasonably intrusive
way.
Wherever possible we collect your Personal Data directly from you, both at the start of a
retainer and in the course of our partnership.
Sometimes we may obtain information about you from other sources. The Personal Data
which may be collected, processed and used by eHoB are sourced from sources such as:
(a) official registration forms (either electronic or printed) for seminars or in-house talks,
newsletter subscription or any other promotional events;
(b) official request for information forms that are provided to you by eHoB employees;
(c) any queries, emails or any correspondences that we have received from you requesting
for information or making enquiries, by communicating with us in person or by phone, email,
fax, short message service, instant messages, written form or otherwise.;
(d) any ‘contact us’ forms that you have submitted through our website;
References to the term ‘you’ and ‘your’ shall include your representatives and agents.
5. Rights of Access and Correction
Since we use your Personal Data to provide our services, it is important that the information
be accurate and up-to-date. If during the course of the retainer or partnership, any of your
information changes, please inform us in writing.
You have the right to request access to your Personal Data and if required, correction of your
Personal Data in our records. You may at any time:
(a) request access to your Personal Data in our records to check and verify your Personal
Data;
(b) request that we correct and update any of your Personal Data in our records if it is
inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or becomes out-of-date;
(c) request to limit or cease the processing of your Personal Data all together;
(d) raise any concerns, enquiries or complaints in respect of the processing of your Personal
Data;
(e) request for explanation on the policies and procedures in respect of your Personal Data
provided to us;
(f) communicate to us your objection to the use of your Personal Data for marketing
purposes;
(g) request that your Personal Data shall only be kept for the fulfilment of the purpose of the
collection of the Personal Data;
(h) withdraw your consent given previously to the processing of your Personal Data.
For any enquiries to (i) access Personal Data, (ii) correct, update and/or delete Personal Data,
(iii) limit and/or cease the processing of Personal Data or (iv) request for information
regarding policies and procedures on the handling of your Personal Data, kindly contact:
Contact Person: Pang Yee Young
Designation: Manager
eHoB Technology Sdn Bhd
No. 10-2, Jalan PJU 7/16A, Mutiara Damansara,
47800 Petaling Jaya, Malaysia
Tel +603-77103308
https://ehob-tech.com.my/v2/ Email: yypang@ehob-tech.com.my
If we do not receive any notification in writing, we will assume that we are authorized to
continue processing your Personal Data for the Purposes.
6. Disclosure of Personal Data
Personal Data provided to eHoB will generally be kept confidential but you hereby consent
and authorise eHoB to provide or disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of
parties:
(a) any persons, government agencies, statutory authorities and / or industry regulators
where we are compelled to disclose Personal Data pursuant to any law or regulation;
(b) our affiliates, partners, third parties, service providers, representatives and agents, who
may be located within or outside Malaysia, to implement the Purposes set out in the Privacy
and Personal Data Protection Policy and to provide related and / or supporting services;
(c) our and/or our client’s suppliers, contractors, sub-contractors or third-party service
providers as may be deemed to be necessary or appropriate;
(d) counterparties or counterparties’ advisers, agents and representatives in any legal and/or
commercial transaction, financial institutions for loan documentation processing, relevant
state authority and the Inland Revenue Board of Malaysia.
7. Choices to Limit Processing of Personal Data
Processing, in relation to Personal Data means collecting, recording, holding, storing,
disposing, altering, retrieving, transmitting or disseminating data.
You have the right to limit in part or wholly the processing of your Personal Data and to
withdraw consent at any time. When consent is withdrawn and communicated to us in
writing, eHoB will stop processing your Personal Data.
8. Consequences of Refusal / Failure to Provide Personal Data
When Personal Data provided is wholly voluntary in nature, you are not under any obligation
or under any duress to do so. However, in some circumstances, when it is obligatory to
provide us your Personal Data, the failure to do so may result in the following consequences
in which eHoB shall not be held liable:
(a) inability to maintain your clientele with us;
(b) inability of parties to finalise any contract and / or agreement;
(c) inability to keep you apprised of any information requested or business development
activities;
(d) inability to complete commercial transactions.
9. Safeguards and Protection
eHoB shall keep and process your Personal Data in a secure manner and prevent any
unauthorized and/or unlawful processing, any accidental loss, destruction or damage to your
Personal Data. We endeavour to implement the appropriate administrative and security
safeguards and procedures in accordance with the PDPA to protect and safeguard the
integrity of your Personal Data. Compliance with these provisions will be required of all third
parties who may access your Personal Data (as set out in paragraph 6).
